README.md, before:

##Overview
This project is a sample project that will try to do the following:
1. Fetches a list of users from a slack-test-api and displays that list of users
2. Tapping / Long Click on the user row will open the individual pages for each row 
with the appropriate information about the users.

####Libraries used
1. `Timber` for simple and easy logging
2.` Dagger` for dependency injection. Helps us with scoping.
    * Building on top of that, we used dagger-android to avoid repetitive boilerplate code for 
    creating activity scoped components.
3. `RxJava2` to help with binding data streams and manipulating streams of data as well
as handling Asynchronous operations.
4. Takes advantage of `Android-architecture-components`
    * `Room` for ORM for easier handling of SQLite data persistence
    * `ViewModel` components provided by Life-cycle-components so that
    we don't have to handle destroying ViewModels when the activity is finished.
    Android will know how to handle that for us.
5. `OkHttp` and `Retrofit` to simplify networking
6. Uses `Gson` to operate on data returned from Retrofit/OkHttp and represent
the JSON responses as POJOS -> Plain Old Java Objects

7. `Glide` as our image library

Commit message:

# Feature: Team Listings Page + Profile Page + Added finished feature work for users-listing page and profile display page + Used MVVM based approach where all data comes from the ViewModel.java ## Feature Overview + First UsersListingActivity binds to the displayState provided by the viewModel to display a list of users with the relevant data. + Clicking on a user in the list will display more detailed information on that user. This should display their contents in both Landscape + Portrait mode correctly. + Both screens should operate correctly with landscape/portrait. ###Changes to DI -> + Added Network Module to enable Retrofit + Added ViewModelModule to help us provide our UsersListingsVM to the graph. ### AppSchedulers.java + AppSchedulers.java is added to the dagger graph and allows us to more effectively bound the number of network requests that are currently going out and such. ### Routing Changes + Added NavigationRouter to help with showing the pop-up fragment to display the profile page. ### Persistence + Added Room and added "Members" table to store list of slack members so that we don't have to keep fetching data from the server or make network calls if the data is not stale + Used a repository pattern with the help of New York Time's "store" repository library to help with fetching data and persisting it and fetching it from the DB. ### build.gradle -> changes - Added mockito to try and start testing the view model - Added glide for image loading - Added New York TIme's library to help with data persistence

README.md, after:

##Overview
This project is a sample project that will try to do the following:
1. Fetches a list of users from a slack-test-api and displays that list of users
2. Tapping / Long Click on the user row will open the individual pages for each row 
with the appropriate information about the users.

####Libraries used
1. `Timber` for simple and easy logging
2.` Dagger` for dependency injection. Helps us with scoping.
    * Building on top of that, we used dagger-android to avoid repetitive boilerplate code for 
    creating activity scoped components.
3. `RxJava2` to help with binding data streams and manipulating streams of data as well
as handling Asynchronous operations.
4. `Store` by New York Times to help with seamless data persistence to cache data if we fetched
from the Network already.
4. Takes advantage of `Android-architecture-components`
    * `Room` for ORM for easier handling of SQLite data persistence
    * `ViewModel` components provided by Life-cycle-components so that
    we don't have to handle destroying ViewModels when the activity is finished.
    Android will know how to handle that for us.
5. `OkHttp` and `Retrofit` to simplify networking
6. Uses `Gson` to operate on data returned from Retrofit/OkHttp and represent
the JSON responses as POJOS -> Plain Old Java Objects

7. `Glide` as our image loading library to simplify things
